[Rachel]
Previously on Titans...
[announcer]
The Flying Graysons!
[screaming]
The circus again!
The boy...
[Melissa]
It was just a dream.
[Rachel]It's because
you're scared of me,
what's inside of me.
[snarls] Slut!
[Rachel] Mom.
This woman
is not your mother.
Tell her.
[Melissa]
I'm not your mother.
[Rachel screaming]
[grunts]
Detective Grayson?
Amy Rohrbach,
I'm your new partner.
[detective] He's from Gotham.
Likes to work alone.
[reporter]The mayor
has released a statement.
"This is a violent sociopath."
It's you.
You're the boy
from the circus.
Can you help me?
There is something
inside of me,
something evil.
My mom says there's
no such thing as monsters.
I think she was wrong.
Where are we going?
Somewhere safe.
[chains rattling]
-[thug] What the fuck
is this guy wearing?
-[man laughs]
[exhales] He's an eagle.
[all laughing]
[grunts]
Hawk, dipshit.
-Hawk?
-[cocks gun]
-Never heard of you.
-[man] Wait.
I need to ask him
some questions.
Chain his legs.
[static on radio]
-[ambient music playing]
-[Hawk] Oh, yeah,
set the mood.
[grunts]
You guys in the boy scouts?
That's a nice knot.
[groans]
Gotta keep them kicks shiny,
you know what I mean, boys?
[chuckling]
Ow! Fuck.
[spits]
Gonna torture me or what?
What's your name?
[yells]
Fuck you! [groans]
Who do you work for?
All the people
your guns hurt, motherfucker!
[groans]
Son of a bitch.
[Hawk chuckles]
Take his pants down.
Huh?
[Hawk groans]
Oh, hey, pal,
no, that's...
We don't have to do that.
Hey.
[grunts]
[grunting]
-[blade slicing]
-[groans]
[panting]
My hero.
You didn't wait for me.
Yeah, you would've
said, "Not tonight."
I should leave you
hanging like this.
Whatever turns you on.
[groans]
[grunts in pain]
[faint music playing]
[Dawn] Hmm. That part
of the anti-inflammatory
diet, too?
Call it a victory toast.
Come on.
It's one beer.
After what
we just pulled off...
Relax. I want a swig,
that's all.
[exhales]
-Come on.
-[groans]
Ah!
Little sleep,
I'll be good to go.
Maybe we skip it.
Ah!
That's just nerves talking.
I don't get nerves, Hank.
We have a solid plan.
We shut this operation
down for good,
we're talking walk away money.
-And we will, right?
-As promised.
We go to Wisconsin,
I get my new hip.
-You can nurse me
back to health.
-[chuckles]
A girl wears
an outfit one time.
Come on,
let's get you out of here.
[Hank sighs]
You can do it.
[Hank groans]
[breathing heavily]
What's this?
You think I was gonna
let today go by
without comment?
Because today is...
Three and a half years.
I tied it myself.
-You're very talented.
-Thank you.
You can open it
if you want.
Happy anniversary.
It was either this
or a toothpaste squeezer
-I found online.
-[chuckles]
So this is what
you were doing up here.
I thought
you were drinking.
I was building this
and drinking.
-Hi.
-[bird cooing]
Oh, he's beautiful.
You know, fun fact,
they pair for life.
Best three and a half
years of my life.
[chuckles]
[Hank groaning]
God damn it.
[both sigh]
-Hey.
-I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
It's just the stress.
[sighs]
[tablets rattling]
[men yelling]
[man yells]
[grunting]
-You're late, Boy Wonder.
-[thug grunts]
You know he always likes
to make a dramatic entrance.
True.
I thought your boss
said to stay away from us.
[scoffs]
I didn't tell him.
Oh, so what is this,
night out with
the bad kids?
Something like that.
[Hank] You okay?
[exhales]
Yeah.
Just a headache.
[theme music playing]
[Dick] Thank you.
[Dick] You want
a hot chocolate or something?
Just coffee. Black.
-I bet they
have marshmallows.
-I'm not a kid, okay?
-Okay. Same for the lady.
-Okay.
My mom didn't like me
to drink coffee.
[Dick chuckles]
Sweet tooth, huh?
Rachel,
has anything like...
Like what happened,
ever happened before?
No. Not like that.
I didn't mean
to kill that guy.
How did you kill that guy?
We're gonna go see
some old friends of mine.
They're safe.
They'll give us a place
to lie low for a second,
get our heads together,
figure out
what to do next.
You're scared, I get it.
But sometimes
there's no time to be scared.
Hey.
No one's gonna get you.
Okay? I promise.
Where else am I
going anyway?
[Charlie]
Total deracination.
Essentially, all his organs
burst at once, leaving him
a skin bag of blood,
which I obviously drained.
Obviously. COD?
Sonics might have been
able to do this,
but then his eyeballs
and testicles would've burst.
No, this,
this is fucking Biblical.
Anything more specific?
What part of fucking Biblical
did you not understand?
-Charlie.
-Okay, uh...
There's this.
[Amy] Looks like a raven.
Forward everything to me,
would you, Charlie?
Uh, and Rohrbach...
Be careful.
This one doesn't
feel right, you know?
-Okay.
-I'm just messing
with you. Jesus!
[chuckling]
You should see your...
[scoffs]
[line ringing]
-[Alfred]Hello.
-Hey, it's me.
Master Grayson.
Look, I need some help.
It's a one time thing.
What is it, sir?
-...three Meryn Trants!
-Syrio didn't have a sword!
[door closes]
[TV continues indistinctly]
Hey, you want pizza?
Okay.
Anything on it?
Don't let anyone in.
Is thatGame Of Thrones?
Should you
be watching that?
Just don't get
pineapple on it.
Obviously.
[sighs]
[ringing]
Grayson.
Try answering your phone
once in a decade.
Where the hell are you?
Working a case.
Remember that girl that threw
the brick at the cop car?
She's in the wind.
Yeah, a uniform
checked her out last night.
Then we find him dead
in some abandoned building.
-The uniform, who was he?
-Not ours.
ID, badge, all fake.
-Could you forward me
everything you got so far?
-Yeah, doing it now.
[people exclaiming]
[Rachel sniffs]
[printer beeping]
[beeping continues]
[snarls]
No! No!
Let me out!
[banging on glass]
Our father who art in Heaven,
Hallowed be thy name,
thy kingdom come...
Rachel.
[Rachel praying indistinctly]
[Rachel]
Protect us from evil...
Rachel? What happened?
No! Don't touch me,
I don't want her
getting out. No!
[Dick] Come here.
You're okay.
Nothing bad's gonna
happen to you. Don't worry.
[Rachel sobbing]
[cheerful music playing
on stereo]
-Doubles.
-That's your third double.
-So?
-So you go directly to jail.
Do not pass go,
do not collect $200.
What? That's not a rule.
Actually, honey,
your sister's right.
Those are the rules, son.
-Told you.
-[whispers] Cheaters.
[doorbell chimes]
Who could that be
this early on a Saturday?
[doorbell chiming]
-Hold your fucking horses!
-Honey, language!
Sorry, kids.
[sighs]
You're activated.
She's more dangerous
than she looks.
Have a good morning.
Family trip.
Who's first?
[both] Me.
[Dick]
According to those files,
the man who came after you
may have been part of
some doomsday cult.
They apparently believe
it's their destiny to prevent
the end of the world.
Does that mean
anything to you?
Well, back when I was a kid,
you didn't get too angry,
or too scared.
'Cause bad things happen.
What kind of bad things?
I guess I'm an orphan,
too, now.
[chuckles]
That billionaire,
Bruce Wayne,
he raised you?
Yeah.
Must've been cool.
It was complicated.
Does it ever go away?
What?
The feeling
you got left behind.
Yeah.
Well, no, not entirely.
You're gonna leave me,
too, aren't you?
No.
No, I'm not gonna do that.
[sighs]
[Rachel]
So, who are these guys?
[Dick] Old friends.
Truth is I haven't
seem them for a long time.
[knocking]
[soft music playing]
Hey.
Hi.
[Rachel] Hi.
I'm Rachel.
Dawn.
Can we talk?
You're about four years
too late, but sure.
[Rachel] Wow.
This place is huge.
[Dawn] She killed someone?
She's just a kid.
Whoever they are,
they've got people
in the department.
We needed somewhere safe
to regroup,
think about
what I'm gonna do.
What about Bruce?
He's no good with kids.
Cop, huh?
That's one
I never would've figured.
[Dick] How are you?
[Dawn] We're great.
Hank's feeling the life
a little.
Age waits for no man
and all that.
How bad?
Two fractures,
three concussions
in the last year,
and a herniated disk.
Jesus, Dawn.
We're still good
out there, Dick.
Really good.
Not one slip-up.
You should quit,
you both should.
That's the plan.
Soon as we take out
these gun suppliers
he's obsessed with.
One more chance
to do some good
and he promised he's out.
You could help us out.
I'm out of the life, Dawn.
Hey. The hell are you
doing here, Dick?
Hank.
I had a situation.
Nice little reunion
you got going here.
-[Dick] You know
it's not like that.
-Sure looks like it to me.
[Dawn] Hank.
What the fuck?
[Dawn] Can we just
go back inside, please?
[door opens, closes]
I put Rachel
in the spare room
and Dick on the couch.
It's goddamn summer camp.
What's he doing here anyway?
Hell of a coincidence,
him showing up here
night before a job.
[Dawn] Coincidences happen.
What, you think
I called him?
Did you?
I'm with you, Hank.
Have been, will be.
I'm gonna chalk it up
to stress that you
don't know that.
[Dawn sighs]
But now that he's here
we can use his help.
We don't need him.
We've been fine.
We have been.
But fine might not be enough
to shut this gun op down.
The three of us
are unstoppable.
We could go out
on the win you want.
And then you can heal,
get better.
We can get better.
He won't help us.
He only watches out
for himself.
People don't change, babe.
We'll see.
So, you and Dawn.
No.
You realize it's impossible
to lie to me, right?
When we were kids.
Good night.
Why did you hurt her?
I didn't mean to.
That's not an excuse.
Yeah, well,
it's all in the past.
Not for her.
Get some rest.
[breathes deeply]
[cellphone vibrating]
Hey, it's me.
I'll be there.
[Dawn and Rachel chatting]
[Dawn] Like the second
to last one.
[Rachel] Yeah.
[Dawn] I've seen it.
You're gonna love it.
[Rachel] Yeah?
[Dawn] Yeah. Why don't you
go watch it right now?
-And take your shoes off.
-[Rachel] Okay. [chuckles]
-Thanks, Khaleesi.
-[Dawn chuckles]
[Dick] What'd you do
with Rachel?
You know, the sullen one?
I didn't do anything with her.
I just didn't treat her
like a kid.
She's a good girl.
Do you wanna take a look?
At the case.
[Dawn]The supplier's name
is Bronson.
He's moving
small hand guns.
[camera clicks]
He's trying to corner
the pre-teen market.
Intel says they're making
a new shipment tomorrow night
on the docks,
and we think
we can break the chain.
[sighs]
The famous Bird Computer.
-Wayne Enterprises tech?
-[chuckles]
What happened
between you two,
you and Bruce?
[Rachel] Dragons?
This show just got
so much better.
[chuckles]
It's a big responsibility.
What?
Taking her in.
I mean, I know
how healing it must be,
doing what Bruce did for you
when you lost your parents.
But taking care of a kid
is complicated,
you know that
better than anyone.
I'm not taking her in.
I'm not good at
the staying with people part.
I don't have to tell you that.
[sighs]
Look, I know things
are tight around here,
so I thought Alfred
could give me some money,
maybe help out a bit,
help out Rachel
at the same time.
Two birds with one stone.
Well, three, I guess.
Wait, you want to
leave her here?
Just for a while,
just until...
Until when?
You don't understand, Dawn.
I'm no good at family.
I can't...
You don't know
what I've become.
What are you talking about?
[computer beeps]
Dawn, do not hit
this delivery.
Look at the number
of security contractors.
Hey, don't change the subject.
What do you mean
"what you've become"?
[door opens, closes]
Well, isn't this cozy?
Hey.
Just like the old days.
We were just
talking things through, okay?
Come and go,
-take what you want.
-Hank.
Don't touch me.
-[Rachel] Stop.
-You want my girl now?
[Rachel] Stop!
[screams] Stop!
I'm sorry.
Jesus.
[door opens]
[exhales]
[girl sobbing]
What the fuck?
Hey, you okay?
What's your name?
I don't have a name.
Where's your partner?
[grunts]
-Tell us.
-[boy] Where is Dick Grayson?
[girl] Where's Dick Grayson?
Tell us where he is.
[boy] Where is he?
[grunts]
[groans]
[door opens, closes]
[dad] You sneaky kids.
Didn't save any fun for us.
We can still
have some fun, dear.
Can't we?
[knocking]
[sighs]
[Rachel] I'm sorry.
It's getting worse.
You don't have anything
to be sorry for, Rachel.
-I'm the one who should...
-[knocking]
How you doing, sweetheart?
Hank is sorry.
He can be a real
asshole sometimes.
We gotta go.
Hank and I have that thing.
Dawn, I really think
you should reconsider.
Okay? We both know
it's too dangerous.
You win some,
you lose some.
Take care of him, okay?
He needs all the help
he can get.
Okay.
[door closes]
She needs your help.
I can feel it.
Isn't that what you do?
What?
You help people.
[chuckles]
I used to think so.
I used to think
it was one of things
I was best at.
Until I realized
the more help some needed
the worse I had to
hurt the others.
Do you understand?
Sometimes,
when I feel
the darkness come out...
...it feels good.
I understand.
You want to help them.
You're just scared.
Sometimes there's just
no time to be scared.
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Oh, shit!
-[guns firing]
-[men grunting]
[man yelling]
Dick was wrong.
Only a few of 'em.
Oh, yeah.
Wisconsin, here we come.
-[gunshots]
-[grunts]
Hank!
Shit.
Where were we?
Oh, yes.
I believe your pants
were coming down.
This will be the worst
and last pain
you ever experience.
[muffled screaming]
[screaming]
[man] Go!
[yells]
No! [grunts]
[man screaming]
Let's go the other way.
[groaning in pain]
You're welcome.
Jesus.
-Come on.
-[Hank groans]
[breathing heavily]
You weren't kidding
about having changed.
I've never seen you
like that before.
Rachel.
[birds cooing]
She's up here.
Hey, what are you
doing up here?
I was worried.
Rach.
What's wrong?
You were gonna
leave me here.
You said you weren't
but you lied.
You must lie a lot.
You're good at it.
[Hank]
What's she talking about?
[Dick]
Hank, don't read that. I--
[Hank]
It's got my name on it.
What the fuck?
You were gonna
leave her here?
You were gonna pay us?
It's not that simple.
"I know you guys
can watch out for her."
Seems pretty simple to me.
You were gonna buy us?
Hank, slow down.
He's just trying to help.
Wait, did you
know about this?
-You saw what he did.
-That's enough.
He's a fucking psychopath.
[arguing]
Hey, Rachel,
I was gonna
come back for you.
Liar.
You were never
coming back for me.
[door opens]
[mom] Well, hello there,
you four.
Who the fuck
are these guys?
[grunts]
Rachel, come on.
[Dawn grunts]
Get down.
Wait, don't leave.
[grunting]
[choking]
[panting]
Hank!
No!
Dawn!
There you are, dear.
[Dick grunts]
[grunts]
Hank!
[Hank] Dawn.
Dawn!
Dawn.
[gasping for breath]
You're gonna be okay.
[gasps]
I'm dying.
Dawn?
[gasping]
Dawn!
[cawing]
[theme music playing]